Mobile/Web application for education purpose.
Mainly three type of users Student, Teacher, Parent. Also there will be administrators.
Applciation will start with courses for students from class V till class-XI along with JEE and other competitive courses.
Adminstrators will be able to add/update/delete class/subject/chapeters.
Contents will be arranged on Subject level per class.
Each Subject (per class) will have multiple Chaters.
Each chapters will have minimum following things.
  Summary and important concepts.
  Questions and answers.
  MCQ Questions
  A small (5-10) minutes video where teacher explains the chapter. For large chapters there can be multiple vidos.
  One-to-one live session by teacher on this chapter(Additionally charged). 
Courses will be there overall on the basis of subjects also. Not dependent on Class. e.g. Certification Exam, Drawing, Music etc.  

  
LIVE SESSIONS
Teachers will offer online sessions per Subject also. Sessions can be offered in the below combination
  On the overall subject. This will be a recurring session.
  Sessions covering one-or-more chapters. Will be useful if stuendts want to enroll only for few important chapters.
  Sessions for only one chapter. Small live session. [Need to decide how we will start]
Teachers can offer live sessions per exam also. Which can offer multiple subjects. Useful for competitive examinantions.
Teachers will offer free live session time-to-time. Students can enroll beforehand. Maximum no of students are fixed. Students enrolling for the courses during this session will get
extra discount.
Students will have the provision for asking about a live session. Teachers can express interest and after agreement teacher can book a live session with the app.

MCQ
MCQ questions will be provided on each chapter of the subject.
MCQ tests will be offered on subject level.
Additional MCQ tests will be offered on examination level. e.g. chemistry for JEE.
There will be a provision where students can verify where he stands in terms of his result on MCQ with others who has already apperared it brfore. (Charged)
MCQ can be arranged based on difficulty level.

PRICING 
Registration is free. During registration user need to select their Subject and if required the Class. Few chapters will have free contents. To get the full content of that class
user need to upgrade to paid membership. Once in paid membership they can avail all course contents of that class or chapter.
Subscription will be Class/course level. For example if a student enrolls for class-IX he will get the course contents for all the subjects of class-IX. He will be able to attempt
all MCQ on chapter level also free.

All live sessions will be additionally charged. 
We will fix the prcing for each sessions on course level. On subject level the course fees will be fixed by the APP. 
For live sessions once the session is over both student and teached should notify the session is complete. After that payment will be processed to teacher.
Need to think about refund if the student is not satisfied with the class.

There wil be special MCQ examinations which will be chargeable. Say for Chemistry for Class X there will be MCQ which will be charged. Students will get a certain cashback on 
their attempt of MCQ. Say if they score more than 90% they will get 10% discount which they can resue for next exam.
Other options will be students will only be charged on the number of questions they gave wrong answer.









  
